{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green203\blue211;\red52\green54\blue66;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c81961\c83529\c85882;\cssrgb\c26667\c27451\c32941;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19260\viewh20340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Summary 1:
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Justin Scarborough, a strategic and operational executive with over 25 years of experience in leadership, production, marketing, and sales in the gaming and mobile industries, is interviewed on the Craft podcast. Justin spent time in Japan as a high school wrestler and later majored in East Asian studies. He started his career working for a large Japanese company, then moved into an internet startup, and later worked for large international companies like Disney and Scopely. Building trust across different cultures was a significant challenge that Justin faced while working in these international companies. His view on leadership is that leaders work for their teams, partners, and customers.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:10:25.670 - Justin's experience working for major companies like Disney and Scopely in Asia, managing successful franchises like Disney, Samsung, and Marvel Future Fight.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:11:38.150 - How Justin found his way to Japan by accident, initially visiting in the mid-80s as part of a USA wrestling team that toured Japan, which had a significant impact on him.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:13:08.520 - Justin's junior year studying abroad in Kyoto, Japan, which solidified his desire to live in Japan and make learning the language his focus of study.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:15:25.420 - Justin's decision to join an Internet startup in 1996 in Japan, which kept him in Asia and ultimately became the ultimate business school for him.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:17:56.400 - Justin's experience as an executive in Disney, Japan, where he would have gripes about headquarters, highlighting the common issue of the headquarters versus subsidiary relationship.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Summary 2:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In this interview transcript, Justin discusses the importance of effective communication and understanding cultural differences when working with colleagues from different backgrounds. He mentions the need to be respectful, thoughtful, and considerate of others' viewpoints, especially when working with people from Asian cultures where indirectness is prevalent. Justin highlights the significance of being careful about what you say, how you say it, and where you say it, as well as treating people with respect and showing genuine interest in their work. He suggests that the basic human needs of being treated with respect and having a boss who cares about you are culturally agnostic. Finally, Justin shares his insights on business development, emphasizing the importance of having a partner mentality, being partner-focused, and developing a long-term relationship with your partners.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:23:00-00:23:42: Justin emphasizes the importance of working towards a common direction and being thoughtful about communication when dealing with people from different cultures, particularly in Asia.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:23:43-00:24:06: Daniel Tedesco points out that indirectness is common in East Asian communication, which can be challenging for English speakers.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:24:11-00:25:03: Justin discusses the importance of being careful about what you say, how you say it, and where you say it when communicating with people from different cultures.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:25:03-00:26:06: Justin emphasizes the difficulty of undoing or minimizing the impact of something that has been said, particularly when dealing with people from Asian territories.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:26:28-00:27:37: Justin notes that there are significant cultural differences when managing people across the Asia-Pacific region, but treating people with respect and showing care are universal principles.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:27:42-00:28:43: Daniel Tedesco suggests that cultural differences are often a veneer over more universal leadership principles.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:31:15-00:32:56: Justin discusses his experience with negotiations across different cultural backgrounds and emphasizes the importance of building relationships over the long-term.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Summary 3:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Justin, who has experience working at Disney, discusses negotiation approaches and how to stay on top of industry trends. He emphasizes understanding one's parameters before negotiating and knowing leverage points. Additionally, he recommends reading and spending time with smart people to stay ahead of industry trends. Justin also shares an example of a brilliant negotiator, Ben Pyne, who was successful because of his negotiation skills and understanding of business. Justin also touches on the challenges and opportunities facing the mobile and gaming industries in Asia but does not go into detail.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 00:36:05.510 --> 00:39:01.670\
Justin discusses negotiation strategies, emphasizing the importance of understanding leverage points and the other party's parameters. He also shares his personal negotiation style.\
00:39:02.770 --> 00:43:29.050\
Justin talks about how negotiation styles can vary depending on the company and industry, giving examples from his experience at Disney. He also emphasizes the need to stay informed and learn from smart people.\
00:43:29.660 --> 00:44:15.740\
Justin shares his thoughts on the biggest opportunities and challenges facing the gaming and mobile industries in Asia, emphasizing the importance of adaptation and a big picture vision.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 00:44:15.790 --> 00:45:54.890\
Justin talks about the importance of learning from failures and taking risks to innovate. He also emphasizes building relationships and trust with colleagues, partners, and customers.\
\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Summary 4:
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Justin, a guest speaker, discusses various topics related to the gaming industry in Asia in an interview. He explains that gaming is the largest form of entertainment globally, with Asia being the most technically and creatively dynamic industry. Justin segments Asia into four regions: China, mature markets (Japan and Korea), emerging markets (Southeast Asia), and India. He also points out the importance of a balanced diet when consuming information and the importance of discipline when spending time on social media. Finally, Justin touches on how IPs in Asia, such as Kingdom Hearts, are unique and successful in the gaming industry.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 00:48:47.290 --> 00:49:23.320: Justin emphasizes balancing information consumption and time management, while highlighting the gaming industry's global significance.\
00:49:25.000 --> 00:50:05.130: Justin explains China's dominance in the gaming industry, the talent in their workforce, and Japan and Korea's contribution of high-value intellectual property.\
00:50:28.850 --> 00:55:00.260: Justin categorizes Asia into four regions, discussing their unique attributes, including China's heavily regulated market, Southeast Asia's new forms of gaming, and India's developing industry.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 00:56:03.610 --> 00:56:46.380: Justin and Daniel Tedesco discuss the diversity of mature markets such as Taiwan, Hong Kong, Australia, and New Zealand, and the unique IPs in the Asian gaming industry, such as Kingdom Hearts.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Summary 5:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 n this interview, Justin talks about his experience managing the Kingdom Hearts franchise for Disney. He explains how the partnership between Disney and Square Enix came about, and the challenges they faced in making it a success. He also talks about the success of Disney's mobile game, "Disney Tsum Tsum", and how it led to a multi-billion dollar franchise. Justin highlights the importance of having a good idea and creating successful intellectual properties in the gaming industry. He also shares his thoughts on how to decide which ideas to invest in and the importance of learning from past failures. The interviewer asks Justin about his experiences with Kingdom Hearts and other Disney projects, as well as how they came to be. Justin also shares his experiences working with different teams and partners to bring these projects to life.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 01:01:39 - 01:02:43: Justin talks about the challenging partnership between Disney and Square, and his involvement in managing the Kingdom Hearts franchise for a decade.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 01:02:43 - 01:03:28: Justin discusses how he revitalized the Kingdom Hearts franchise and negotiated new deals with Square.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 01:03:28 - 01:04:57: Justin talks about his involvement in the development and success of the mobile game, Disney Tsum Tsum.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 01:04:57 - 01:07:05: Justin discusses the importance of creating successful IPs and mentions the success of Disney Twisted Wonderland.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 01:07:05 - 01:08:15: Justin talks about how they decide which ideas to invest in, and mentions that they have had failed cases that they don't talk about.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Summary 6:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In this interview, Daniel and Justin discuss the process of creating successful games, and how cultural differences can impact a game's success in different regions. Justin talks about how connecting things that are already popular can help create a successful game, and how finding great creative people on the other side of the table can make all the difference. They also discuss the idea of "reverse innovation" and how it can apply to the gaming industry. Justin emphasizes the importance of focusing on the Asian markets, which are the largest and fastest-growing in the world. He also highlights the importance of understanding the circumstances of the region in which a game is being launched, and how this can lead to success. Finally, they touch on the idea that companies do not necessarily need to be strong in all markets, as there is still a large audience to target.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 01:14:26.810 --> 01:14:42.750: Justin talks about how certain gaming genres, like RPGs or match-3 puzzle games, have large audiences and are popular across different regions.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 01:15:06.380 --> 01:15:47.480: Justin shares an example of how the Korean studio Monster Studio, under Netmarble, was able to create several original characters in Marvel Future Fight, which were then incorporated into non-gaming areas of the business.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 01:17:45.830 --> 01:18:27.290: Justin emphasizes the importance of recognizing that the Asia markets are the largest ones today and the need to be cognizant of differences in consumer preferences across regions when making games.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 01:20:42.700 --> 01:21:06.690: Justin praises the mobile game Free Fire, which focused on emerging markets and super serving its end customers by understanding their circumstances and needs, leading to its huge success.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 01:21:46.800 --> 01:21:51.000: Justin notes that most companies tend to be strong in one region or another, but the pie is so big that being strong in all markets is not necessarily essential.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Summary 7:
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 In this interview with Justin, he discusses the impact of AI on gaming, particularly in the area of Jenner AI. He emphasizes that the ultimate goal of these technologies is to improve the quality of output to the consumer. Justin can be reached through LinkedIn, where he frequently posts his thoughts on the industry. Daniel and Michael thank Justin for being part of the podcast and encourage viewers to like, subscribe, and leave a review.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 01:26:05.050 - 01:26:30.270: Justin discusses how AI and Jenner AI will impact the gaming industry and emphasizes that these technologies should be used to improve the quality of the output to the consumer.\
01:26:50.700 - 01:27:09.370: Justin shares that he communicates more on LinkedIn and invites anyone interested to reach out to him there.\
01:28:04.310 - 01:28:20.460: Justin expresses interest in posting his thoughts on Asia, gaming, and entertainment on LinkedIn and welcomes feedback from others.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Overall, Justin emphasizes the importance of using technology to improve the consumer experience in the gaming industry and invites others to connect with him on LinkedIn to share ideas and insights.\
}